This product is a virtual item, and no refund requests for any reason will be accepted after delivery. Please confirm your agreement with all the terms and conditions before making the purchase!

Note:

This product includes all the content of the basic version. Be careful not to purchase it again.
If you purchase the full version after buying the basic version, the cost of the basic version will not be refunded. Please consider this carefully before making a choice. (However, if you find the computer lagging after purchasing the full version, you can contact the artist/modeler with the purchase record to obtain the basic version.)
We do not assist with issues unrelated to the model itself, such as how to use/adjust face capture, etc.
※ Purchase Notice ※

This model is a wholesale model sold multiple times.
The copyright of this character belongs to the artist (Bilibili@犬尾卷-).
This model can be used for all profit-making live broadcasts, recorded videos (except for the 7th and 8th clauses of this purchase notice). The two full-body illustrations can be used for live covers, promotional images, peripheral production, etc., and the income belongs to the user.
You can commission work using this character, but it is prohibited to caricature this character.
Prohibited actions include secondary sales, free sharing, or any behavior that harms the interests of the author. It is also prohibited for a guild to purchase a single copy and distribute it to multiple broadcasters.
Unauthorized modification of texture sets is prohibited. Changes to the model's color require consultation with the author.
Prohibited use of this model for any illegal or morally objectionable activities. Disputes arising from the use of this model are not the responsibility of the author.
Prohibited use of this model to join guilds, clubs, or sign contracts with any platform (except for affiliated guild broadcasters, who can use it for live broadcasts).
Users must not deliberately conceal information about this model, including the fact that it is a wholesale model and information about the author.
Direct publication of the original illustrations is prohibited (watermarking or processing is required).
The English version of this model is only sold on BOOTH and KO FI. Files downloaded from other sources are not the responsibility of the author.
Purchasing this model implies agreement with all the terms of the purchase notice.
If the user violates the above rules, the model author has the right to request the user to stop using the model.
※ Contents of the Product Files ※

Live2D model (folder containing executable files)
Adjustable parameter instructions and face enhancement instructions
Purchase notice and usage instructions
※ Model Key Information ※
The model has the following expressions/actions/adjustment keys:

-- Facial expressions (7): --
Blushing
Heart eyes
Angry#
cry
Tearful expression qwq
Starry eyes
Stick out tongue (key not set)

-- Decorative accessories (5): --
hooded shawl
Cat ears
Eye mask
Glasses
Horn

-- Body colors (5): --
black large chest
White chest
flat chest
gas cylinder disappears
Halo disappearance

-- Hairstyles (4): --
side-swept bangs
double braided pigtails
Short hair
Shoulder-length hair

-- Gestures (7): --
individual microphone
microphone gesture
Microphone position (customizable)
digital tablet gestures
digital pen XY startup
digital pen click
coffee cup appears